# Tinyauth analytics

A simple server to transparently collect version information from Tinyauth instances.

## How does it work

Every Tinyauth instance runs a goroutine (unless you choose to opt-out) that does a "heartbeat" every 12 hours indicating the instance is still alive. The heartbeat contains the UUID generated by Tinyauth on start up (also used in the cookie names) and the version information. The server stores them in the SQLite database alongside with the last seen date. When you request all the instances the server responds with an array containing the versions, UUIDs and last seen dates.

## IP address handling

The server stores the client IPs in the database, this is a design choice that allows the rate limiting table to remain intact in case of a restart. Even though they are stored in the database they are not connected in any way with the instance version/UUID (the IDs start to differ a lot as time passes).

## Running

The central information server is hosted at `api.tinyauth.app/v1/` and all instance information can be requested from the `/v1/instances/all` endpoint. But, if you would like to run your own server for your own projects, it can be done by simply cloning the repository and running:

```sh
docker compose up -d
```

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure to edit the environment variables to suit your needs.

> [!NOTE]
> The docker compose file builds the image from scratch by default but there are also available prebuilt images in the packages section.

## Contributing

If you like you can contribute to this project by picking up an [issue](https://github.com/steveiliop56/tinyauth-analytics/issues) or creating a [pull request](https://github.com/steveiliop56/tinyauth-analytics/pulls). Contributing is greatly appreciated!

## License

Tinyauth analytics is licensed under the MIT License. TL;DR — You can use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the software. Just make sure to include the original license in any substantial portions of the code. There’s no warranty — use at your own risk. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for full details.
